@smErmine = 0.27
@smLysX = 0.23
@smLysY = 0.26

khayyam = k_khorasan
house_khayyam = k_khorasan

rabban = ho_zealots
house_rabban = ho_zealots

# von_bingen = c_worms
# house_von_bingen = c_worms
house_von_bingen_ps = {
	pattern = "pattern_solid.dds"
	color1 = "blue"
	color2 = "white"

	colored_emblem = {
		texture = "ps_charge_cross_fitchy.dds"
		color1 = "white"
		color2 = "white"
		instance = { position = { 0.5 0.5 } scale = { 1.0 1.0 }  }
	}	
} 
von_bingen = house_von_bingen_ps
house_von_bingen = house_von_bingen_ps

# aquinas = c_capua
# house_aquinas = c_capua
house_aquinas_ps = {
	pattern = "pattern_solid.dds"
	color1 = "red"
	color2 = "yellow"

	colored_emblem = {
		texture = "ps_charge_cross_flory.dds"
		color1 = "yellow"
		color2 = "yellow"
		instance = { position = { 0.5 0.5 } scale = { 1.0 1.0 }  }
	}	
} 
aquinas = house_aquinas_ps
house_aquinas = house_aquinas_ps

# alighieri = c_firenze
# house_alighieri = c_firenze
house_alighieri_ps = { # Dante Alighieri
	pattern = "pattern_solid.dds"
	color1 = "blue"
	color2 = "yellow"

	colored_emblem = {
		texture = "ps_charge_wing_in_pale.dds"
		color1 = "yellow"
		color2 = "yellow"
		instance = { position = { 0.5 0.5 } scale = { 1.0 1.0 }  }
	}	
}
alighieri = house_alighieri_ps
house_alighieri = house_alighieri_ps

house_becket = c_middlesex

ben_maimon = c_cordoba
house_maimon = c_cordoba

de_troyes = c_troyes
house_de_troyes = c_troyes

skallagrimsson = c_vestisland
house_skallagrimsson = c_vestisland

# ormstunga = c_sudurland
# house_ormstunga = c_sudurland
house_ormstunga_ps = {
	pattern = "pattern_solid.dds"
	color1 = "red"
	color2 = "yellow"

	colored_emblem = {
		texture = "ps_charge_axes_three_long.dds"
		color1 = "yellow"
		color2 = "yellow"
		instance = { position = { 0.5 0.5 } scale = { 1.0 1.0 }  }
	}	
}
ormstunga = house_ormstunga_ps
house_ormstunga = house_ormstunga_ps

rode = c_vingulmork
house_rode = c_vingulmork

al_haytham = k_mesopotamia
house_al_haytham = k_mesopotamia

of_ockham = k_mesopotamia
house_of_ockham = k_mesopotamia

chaucer = k_mesopotamia
house_chaucer = k_mesopotamia

bacon = k_mesopotamia
house_bacon = k_mesopotamia

of_lincoln = k_mesopotamia
house_of_lincoln = k_mesopotamia

wycliffe = k_mesopotamia
house_wycliffe = k_mesopotamia

abelard = k_mesopotamia
house_abelard = k_mesopotamia

dargenteuil = k_mesopotamia
house_dargenteuil = k_mesopotamia

de_pizan = k_mesopotamia
house_de_pizan = k_mesopotamia

fibonacci = k_mesopotamia
house_fibonacci = k_mesopotamia

petrarca = k_mesopotamia
house_petrarca = k_mesopotamia

bondone = k_mesopotamia
house_bondone = k_mesopotamia

boccaccio = k_mesopotamia
house_boccaccio = k_mesopotamia

sturluson = k_mesopotamia
house_sturluson = k_mesopotamia

de_villa_nova = k_mesopotamia
house_de_villa_nova = k_mesopotamia

khalduni = k_mesopotamia
house_khalduni = k_mesopotamia

rumi = k_mesopotamia
house_rumi = k_mesopotamia

sina = k_mesopotamia
house_sina = k_mesopotamia

rushdi = k_mesopotamia
house_rushdi = k_mesopotamia

biruni = k_mesopotamia
house_biruni = k_mesopotamia

yitzchaki = k_mesopotamia
house_yitzchaki = k_mesopotamia

halevi = k_mesopotamia
house_halevi = k_mesopotamia

shaprut = k_mesopotamia
house_shaprut = k_mesopotamia

gershon = k_mesopotamia
house_gershon = k_mesopotamia

ezra = k_mesopotamia
house_ezra = k_mesopotamia

gabirol = k_mesopotamia
house_gabirol = k_mesopotamia

nahman = k_mesopotamia
house_nahman = k_mesopotamia

crescas = k_mesopotamia
house_crescas = k_mesopotamia

gaon = k_mesopotamia
house_gaon = k_mesopotamia

awkal = k_mesopotamia
house_awkal = k_mesopotamia

tudela = k_mesopotamia
house_tudela = k_mesopotamia

polo = k_mesopotamia
house_polo = k_mesopotamia

eckhart = k_mesopotamia
house_eckhart = k_mesopotamia

choniates = k_mesopotamia
house_choniates = k_mesopotamia

psellos = k_mesopotamia
house_psellos = k_mesopotamia

101131 = k_mesopotamia
psellos = k_mesopotamia
house_psellos = k_mesopotamia

tzetzes = k_mesopotamia
house_tzetzes = k_mesopotamia

pachymeres = k_mesopotamia
house_pachymeres = k_mesopotamia

moschopoulos = k_mesopotamia
house_moschopoulos = k_mesopotamia

metochites = k_mesopotamia
house_metochites = k_mesopotamia

choniates_2 = k_mesopotamia
house_choniates_2 = k_mesopotamia

tarchaneiotes = k_mesopotamia
house_tarchaneiotes = k_mesopotamia

pletho = k_mesopotamia
house_pletho = k_mesopotamia

lekapenos = k_mesopotamia
house_lekapenos = k_mesopotamia

bessarion = k_mesopotamia
house_bessarion = k_mesopotamia

kydones = k_mesopotamia
house_kydones = k_mesopotamia

holobolos = k_mesopotamia
house_holobolos = k_mesopotamia

axuch = k_mesopotamia
house_axuch = k_mesopotamia

gosh = k_mesopotamia
house_gosh = k_mesopotamia

rustaveli = k_mesopotamia
house_rustaveli = k_mesopotamia

tatevatsi = k_mesopotamia
house_tatevatsi = k_mesopotamia

pitsak = k_mesopotamia
house_pitsak = k_mesopotamia

czarny = k_mesopotamia
house_czarny = k_mesopotamia

blemmydes = k_mesopotamia
house_blemmydes = k_mesopotamia

tondaiman = k_mesopotamia
house_tondaiman = k_mesopotamia

# medici = k_mesopotamia
# house_medici = k_mesopotamia
house_medici_ps = { # Medici
	pattern = "pattern_solid.dds"
	color1 = "yellow"
	color2 = "red"
	colored_emblem = {
		texture = "ps_small_charge_roundel.dds"
		color1 = "red"
		color2 = "red"
		instance = { position = { 0.37 0.18 } scale = { 0.35 0.35 }  }
		instance = { position = { 0.63 0.18 } scale = { 0.35 0.35 }  }
		instance = { position = { 0.37 0.44 } scale = { 0.35 0.35 }  }
		instance = { position = { 0.63 0.44 } scale = { 0.35 0.35 }  }
		instance = { position = { 0.37 0.70 } scale = { 0.35 0.35 }  }
		instance = { position = { 0.63 0.70 } scale = { 0.35 0.35 }  }				
	}	
}
medici = house_medici_ps
house_medici = house_medici_ps

wallace = k_mesopotamia
house_wallace = k_mesopotamia

borgia = k_mesopotamia
house_borgia = k_mesopotamia

vignolles = k_mesopotamia
house_vignolles = k_mesopotamia

flor = k_mesopotamia
house_flor = k_mesopotamia

hodja = k_mesopotamia
house_hodja = k_mesopotamia

corvey = k_mesopotamia
house_corvey = k_mesopotamia

prum = k_mesopotamia
house_prum = k_mesopotamia

# monmouth = k_mesopotamia
# house_monmouth = k_mesopotamia
house_monmouth_ps = { # Monmouth
	pattern = "pattern_solid.dds"
	color1 = "yellow"
	color2 = "red"
	colored_emblem = {
		texture = "ps_ord_chevrons_three.dds"
		color1 = "red"
		color2 = "red"
		instance = { position = { 0.5 0.5 } scale = { 1.0 1.0 }  }
	}
	colored_emblem = {
		texture = "ps_ord_fess_thin.dds"
		color1 = "blue"
		color2 = "blue"
	}
}
monmouth = house_monmouth_ps
house_monmouth = house_monmouth_ps
